MBC6: Fix description of flash commands (#568)
gbdev/pandocs: src/MBC6.md

didn't get set to 0 properly. After writing all blocks in a sector
Flash Write Enable should be set to 0.

The last byte of the erase sector command needs to be written to an
address that lies within the sector that you want to erase. There are

> eight sectors, 128 KiB each. For example, to erase sector 2, the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eight sectors, 128 KiB each. E.g., to erase sector 2, the last
```
